This is the famous low-poison down payment cash
Qin Ruge's temperament is really amazing, let me tell you
I heard that President Chu and the richest man must cooperate
It seems that the Chu family is going to soar into the sky this time
What about the sea?
Pretty, okay?
If you see enough, just blow it.
Hey, here comes another one.
Owner, please come back with me.
The temple needs you
Why is it you again?
I said you got the wrong person
Then let me ask you how long have you been a security guard here?
Five years? What about five years ago?
Five years ago, I can't remember.
I was hurt before and my wife saved me
That's right.
Did you really forget that you are the owner of the temple?
Five years ago, the gang attacked
Great Xia is at stake
You came forward
Here the temple is protected against foreign enemies
No longer because of this
Injured by accident
Nothing from now on
No one can forget your heroic appearance
There are so many people in the world who look alike
I'm just a little security guard
You let me eat shit pad cans
God of War, what about the sword, I really don't understand, but
Where did the child come from?
Go play
Don't stay here. Go away. Go away. Hey
What are you doing stop
Go away! I told you to stop
Is Guangmeng okay?
How come?